About Us

Project Delta, the world's largest travel guidance platform*, helps hundreds of millions of people each month**  become better travelers, from planning to booking to taking a trip.
Travelers across the globe use the Delta site and app to discover where to stay, what to do, and where to eat based on  guidance from those who have been there before. 
With more than 988 million reviews and opinions of nearly 8 million businesses, travelers turn to Delta to find deals onaccommodations, book experiences, reserve tables at delicious restaurants, and discover great places nearby.
As a travel guide company available in 43 markets and 22 languages, Delta makes planning easy no matter the trip type.

Who we are

We are travelers and technologists. We work across time zones, hemispheres, cultures, and languages. We are used to     breaking things down and building them back up again until they are even better. 
We know travel can be hard, but we also know that it is worth it every time. And because we believe travel is a force   for good, we take our roles seriously. 
We are here to build great products and facilitate connections between travelers and our partners that truly bring      good into the world.

What we do

We build connections. 
We leverage our platform and technology capabilities across an extensive portfolio of businesses and brands to          orchestrate the movement of people and the delivery of travel experiences on both a local and global basis. 
We help our travelers, and our partners find the right pathways  through millions of possibilities to reach the best  possible outcome.


General Contact Information

Mailing address: Delta Inc., 400 1st Avenue, Needham, MA, USA 02494
General company phone number: +1 781 800 5000

Trust & Safety at Delta

At Delta, we want to help you find The Good Out There.Travel brings out the best in us, lifts deserving businesses and  strengthens the communities we meet along the way. 
When we travel, it reminds us that the world is a friendly place, that people are more generous than we may remember,   and that we share more in common with our fellow travelers than not. 
We built a platform where strangers can help each other plan unforgettable trips and share their experiences by writing reviews of their favorite spots. We believe in the strength of people sharing with others in the community and that     sharing those experiences leads to the best advice for future travelers. 
And we know when we travel the way we want, it empowers us to unlock the good in ourselves and the world around us.
Within Delta Trust & Safety, our mission is to create a safe and friendly environment by implementing strong Community  Policies and meaningful standards. 
